# ANYTHIING.COM
#### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/Y5iNov33RhE?si=2slEXmnfIWrp6WBv
#### Description: 
Anythiing.com is a web application that can create quizzes based on any topic in the world. Users are able to test their knowledge on certain topics just by typing in a topic into the text input at the start page and a quiz will be generated shortly after. Users can decide the amount of questions on the quiz (From 1 to 50) and can also add a timer for each question (1-30 seconds). Users that are logged in have access to their quiz history and have the ability to retake any quiz on the history menu by clicking it. The users score on the test is also shown on the history menu. Another thing that users have the ability to do is view a bar chart displaying what their percentage is of quizzes taken in each subject. When a quiz is generated a subject is applied to it and the grade of that score is added to the overall total per subject inside of the bar chart. The bar chart was made using plotly so its dynamic and users can adjust the view and it also shows how much quizzes the user has taken for each subject. In the web application code I used Python, Flask, SQL, Javascript, HTML and CSS to create the web application and VScode was my IDE. My python app.py file contains many routes that has code that takes information inserted by the user on the front end and modified with my backend code to get the results the users need. For my search engine that matches users inputs to a topic and description I used Wikidata's API to get results for any topic that is kept within that database. To create the quiz I used ChatGPT's API and inserted a prompt that has it return the entire quiz as a list of dictionaries that I can use dynamically within my html using Jinja. I then used Javascript in my HTML to dynamically update the quiz as the users go through each questions while also displaying the correct answers and explanations for each question as the users navigate through the quiz.

For my HTML I have nine different templates used throughout the application. Layout.html is the layout for the website and displays the background, nav area, and logo at the top left corner of the screen. Every other template displays its information with the layout always being present on the website making changes to it as the code is affected dynamically. Signup.html and Login.html are my Signup and Login areas for my web application that allows users to create and log in to their accounts. Signup takes you to the /signup route in my backend code that uses SQL to check if the username is already taken and adds it to the anything_data.db database. I also used javascript in Signup.html to add a check when creating the password ensuring users are entering information correctly. Login will take you to the /login route that checks to see if the password is matching using bcrypt and also adds the user_id (a column in the users database that identifies each user in the database) to the sessions with flask. 


I have two index templates which shows the home screen of the website. Index.html is for when users are logged in and it displays a welcoming statement along with a input text prompting users to input a topic to take a quiz over. Index.html also has two things that can only be shown for logged in users which is a search history area that shows the users last quizzes taken, the date the quiz was taken and also the score they received on that quiz. There is a search history table in the database that keeps track of all the tests that are taken and is updated within the quiz route in my backend that I will get to later. The bar chart is displayed using plotly and there is also a chart named quiz_totals in the database that keeps track of the average quiz grade of all the quizzes taken in each subject and also the amount of quizzes taken in each subject. Both of these are displayed in the dynamic chart. Index_nologin.html will only show the welcoming statement and the input to take a quiz as users are still able to take quizzes even if they are not logged in. 


Quiz_select.html displays all of the possible options to take a quiz on with the prompt that was inserted. In the route for quiz_select in my python backend it uses a function I created from helper_functions called search_wikidata that takes information from the Wikidata API and returns it as a list of dictionaries that I can use in my HTML and then added CSS to make it appear much better. If there is no returns from the Wikidata API with the prompt given it will return a prompt on the screen stating that there is no options for quizzes with this prompt and to please try again. Start_quiz.html is the page shown between the quiz select section and the actual quiz. In this area you can adjust setting for the quiz to your liking before the quiz starts. I used Javascript and CSS to make the page dynamic using radio buttons, text inputs and more tools to create this page. 


Overall, I learned a lot of new skills on my project mostly when it came to HTML, CSS, and Javascript since I have been coding much more on the backend then the frontend before taking this course. I believe this project showcases my ability to create a well-functioning web application and my knowledge in the main languages used inside of the course. 